V2 content (#357)
enviodev/docs: docs/HyperIndex/Guides/configuration-file.md

- `name` - Name of the project
- `description` - Description of the project

> - `ecosystem` - Ecosystem the indexer is intended for. Default value is "ethereum", but can be set to "fuel".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ecosystem` - Ecosystem the indexer is intended for. The default value is "evm", but it can be set to "fuel".
```
